that we can find at a fair
vintage how can we choose a good
piece or identify a great opportunity
from the hand of an authentic expert
We visit one of the most fairs
important of Spain
an authentic bomber jacket of the
50s a wedding dress the
designer pedro rodríguez a costume of the
queen victoria eugenia and is a hat
of skin anticrisis price is only one
small sample in the infinity of
treasures that can be found diving
in the past they are unique pieces that the
young people now drive him crazy that
the time they are distinguished for wearing that and
dress that that not everyone can
discover in stalls in street markets there are
a kind of confusion between the
vintage and the retro and the challenges are
current pieces that have inspiration
from the past but they are not necessarily
neither manufactured nor ccoo nor designed in
that time you also have to know that what
vintage does not have to be necessarily
second hand there are many pieces that
they are excellent from factories or stocks as
better from other merchants
seasons that now have a lot
value and that in the end maybe
is unused, I just found
this jewel of the 80s
They come from an Italian factory in stock
and they are unused and cost less than 50
euros so I think I'll take them
but if you're not a stylist too
there are companies that help you get
the biggest match to a piece of another
era and create the most appropriate looks
we are people envelopes of
shoppings is we pray to people on how
mix them from the vintage with the current
then for example the cowboys that is
a very current trend and that also
Now come the cigarette bell we can
combine with a sequined jacket
from the 40s and you get a styling
totally current and then the dresses
for example maxi that will also continue
all along so vintage there's a lot
it is then so that there is not too much woman
old you put a vest on top or a
leather jacket then it 's styling
they also become the time
current thanks to the boom of aesthetics
vintage there are specialized stores
for all tastes in alphaville
vintage especially we are
specialized in American clothes
Well, like the typical
lumberjack jackets
classic american then we have of
cowboy with the typical back cut
not American and then
we have brought as well as novelties in this
season boy scout shirts
now thanks to the boom of this style
we can wear the lingerie they wore
our grandmothers for example dita von
Teese uses this type of pieces and
they have put super fashion is a boom and
everyone tries to locate and
for example it occurs to me that for wedding
in the field there they say here is very
cool also use as nightgowns and
Romantic style clothes are
authentic relics of the past as
this retrospective of the pedro couturier
Rodriguez come from the
habsburg then special stress I
like to do in this dress
It has been unused because it was from a
asked between a habsburg and a
German industrial that has never been
come to celebrate jewels of the past that
come to light thanks to this trend
you have just caught a dress that
belonged to sworn dew and also what
I had on television one can
find exclusive dresses for all
the tastes and at a good price the beautiful is
that all are different there are for all
taller plus chubby shorter girl
more thin then two red
pieces of flowers and the cool thing is that you
You can combine both in winter and
in summer and these dresses I get them
in different markets of the world I travel and
Well, I choose them a bit like that for the
instinct a return to the past to be
fashionable in the present